the next thing I knew two other men who I
hadn't met before came into the flat I was
very scared and I wondered what was going to
happen the boy I'd been with then left and I
was left with these two strange men they both
started talking and laughing and I was told
to go into a nearby bedroom by one of them I
knew something bad was going to happen but I
was so scared and I just went with the man the
man forced me to do things of a sexual nature
when he had finished with me him and the other
man just left the flat laughing I was in a lot
of pain and I didn't know where I was my phone had
been taken I left the flat but I had no money to
get home I wasn't sure whether the men were still
around so I just ran into a nearby housing estate
and I sat against the wall it seemed like ages
afterwards but an elderly lady approached me
and she asked me if I was okay burst into
tears and then she contacted the authorities
authorities